---
sidebar_position: 6
---



**Approve Doctors**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717154091/Screenshot_2024-05-31_164436_v4bqzr.png)

**Approve Doctors List**  
Any referral-doctor which register themselves are needed to be approved by an
internal member/user of hospital.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717154264/Screenshot_2024-05-31_164726_lcln3y.png)

in this landing page we can see name department qualification contact call
approve .

**Name** : This refers to the full name of the doctor. It is crucial for
identifying and distinguishing the doctor from others, ensuring that patients
and staff can accurately recognize and refer to them.  
**Department** : This indicates the specific medical or surgical department
within the hospital where the doctor works. Departments could include
Cardiology, Orthopedics, Pediatrics, Emergency Medicine, etc. It helps in
categorizing doctors based on their specialty and the area of medicine they
practice.

**Qualification** : This term encompasses the academic degrees,
certifications, and professional training that the doctor has completed.
Qualifications might include MBBS, MD, DO, MS, Ph.D., and other specialized
medical training. It helps in verifying the doctor’s credentials and
expertise.

**Contact** : This refers to the contact information of the doctor, such as
phone numbers. This information is essential for communication purposes,
allowing hospital staff, patients, and other medical professionals to get in
touch with the doctor as needed.

**Call** : In a hospital setting, “call” often refers to the schedule or duty
roster indicating when a doctor is available to be called in for emergencies
or to provide care outside regular working hours. It may also indicate the
doctor’s on-call duties.

**Approve** : This term signifies that the doctor has been reviewed and
authorized by the hospital’s credentialing committee or relevant authority to
practice within the hospital. Approval typically involves verifying the
doctor’s qualifications, credentials, professional history, and competency to
ensure they meet the hospital’s standards.
