---
sidebar_position: 7
---



### Camp>Resolved

By clicking on Camp Module, user is able to select the resolved option

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717411030/resolo-1_titrma.jpg)  
In Resolved screening is a process where screening is done to find out a
health issue under this resolved screening it contains information about a
person who has undergone for all planned screening during the camp and
received their result.

### Camp>Resolved

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717417034/Screenshot_2024-06-03_172821_nxooe9.jpg)

By clicking on the resolved, user can see the patient with the following
details:-

1. Screening date
2. Resolved date
3. Patient( name, UHID, Age, Phone no.)
4. Camp name
5. Risk
6. Created by
7. Other reports
8. Resolve type
9. Resolve reason

### Camp>Resolved>download Export csv.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717413524/resolo-3-1_jejj4c.jpg)  
under the Resolved view page/screen, the user can select the download export
csv option,

### Camp>Resolved>download Export csv.>apply filter with date wise.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717414260/resolo-3-01_d9cxfa.jpg)  
By clicking on the download export csv option in the resolve view page, a user
is able to select the option by Start Date and End Date for filtration of a
patient who follows all the planned Screening processes and the receives the
result.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717414321/resolo-3-2_pwrsqj.jpg)

### Camp>Resolved>All camps

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717417806/resolo-04_yzt5dm.jpg)  
under the resolve view page, by clicking on the All-Camps with dropdown
option, user can filter the Patient resolve screening according to campsâ€™
location/name.

### Camp>Resolved>All Status

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717429934/Screenshot_2024-06-03_212026_xazcek.jpg)  
under the resolve view page, by clicking on the All Status user can see the
filter like:

1. No Risk
2. High
3. Med
4. Low
5. Very Low
6. Very High

### Camp>Resolved>All Sources

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717430620/resolo-6_zo9vyr.jpg)

By clicking on All Sources, user can see all the resolved by clicking on All
and can filter the Patient by:-

1. Platform
2. App
3. Bulk screenings

### Camp>Resolved> All User

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717431675/resolo-7_j9kxr9.jpg)  
By clicking on All Users, user can see the resolved screenings by applying
filter of users.

### Camp>Resolved>Details

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717465175/Screenshot_2024-06-04_070433_mnggzq.jpg)  
By clicking on Details, user can see the details of patient.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717465250/Screenshot_2024-06-04_070646_vrlwuk.jpg)

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717465288/Screening_ewrg6q.jpg)  
By clicking on the Detail option under the Resolves Home Screen, the user
finds the details of the Screening for Each selected patient manually with the
type of screening Title, and location.

### Camp>Resolved>Assessment

Assessment is done for the evaluation or evaluate person to collect the data
from patient with filling form.  
![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717466712/Screenshot_2024-06-04_073351_cwjxro.jpg)  
By clicking on the Show All tab, the user is able to select the department or
type of Screening.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717465270/resolo-08_isp4lv.jpg)  
By clicking on the Assessment under the Resolves Home Screen, the user finds
the option for send the message, fill out the form and printout and upload any
document related to screening.
