---
sidebar_position: 1
---



**After the login, the user reaches the landing page.**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717063382/Capture_hdnf3y.png)

**LAB:**

**1\. Lab > Dashboard :**

To access Dashboard, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab” followed by
“Dashboard”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717063989/image_y7p8nt.png)

**1.1 Dashboard**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717064168/image_1_zmiy7r.png)

- After selecting “week”, the user will be able to view and download Diagnostic representation (Sample collected, Reports Generated, Reports Send and pending) current week.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717064383/image_2_cnm9wu.png)

- After selecting “month”, the user will be able to view and download Diagnostic representation (Sample collected, Reports Generated, Reports Send and pending) for current month.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717064512/image_3_qiu740.png)

- After selecting “year”, the user will be able to view and download Diagnostic representation (Sample collected, Reports Generated, Reports Send and pending) for current year.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717065732/image_5_ei1wnu.png)

- Users can filter lab reports and lab package name by selecting a start and end date allowing for precise retrieval of relevant data.
- “Show Today’s Report,” users can view lab reports and lab package names specifically for the current day.

**2\. Lab > Orders :**

To access Lab Orders, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab” followed by
“Orders”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717066055/image_6_zck9t2.png)

**2.1 Orders**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717066523/image_7_ap6mll.png)

- By selecting “Show All,” users can view all patient and doctor details, organized by date.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717068337/image_11_xvuunc.png)

- Here, User can view all patient and doctor details, organized by date.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717066978/image_8_ethc1s.png)

- Upon selecting the search button, users can filter by department, doctor, start date, and end date. Then click on “Apply”.

**Note:** Upon applying, user can view all patient and doctor details.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717067450/image_9_bqbhen.png)

- Select “Authority” and choose the locations accordingly.

**3\. Lab > Pending :**

To access Lab Pending, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab” followed by
“Pending”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717067921/image_10_aj3z9r.png)

**3.1 Pending**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717134115/Screenshot_2024-05-31_111054_yo0wqi.png)

- Here, User can view all patient name, bill number, UHID, payment status and report status organized by date.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717134585/Screenshot_2024-05-31_111414_yosxh1.png)

- By selecting “All department,” users can view all patient details, bill number, UHID, payment status and report status, organized by date according to the selected department.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717134767/Screenshot_2024-05-31_112230_cbjsam.png)

- Here, the user selects the “search” icon filter.

**Note:** By selecting “Show All,” and “Show Today” users can view all the
details.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717134857/Screenshot_2024-05-31_112352_ecak6z.png)

- Upon selecting the search button, users can filter by “From”, and “To”. Then click on “Apply”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717135014/Screenshot_2024-05-31_111431_zzfazt.png)

- By selecting “All Authorities,” users can view all patient details, bill number, UHID, payment status and report status, organized by date according to the selected location.

**4\. Lab > Completed :**

To access Lab Orders Completed, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab”
followed by “Completed”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717135535/Screenshot_2024-05-31_113518_wkvnie.png)

**4.1 Completed**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717135636/Screenshot_2024-05-31_113655_dllu1x.png)

- Here, User can view patient name, bill number, UHID, payment status, final report and can print bills organised by date.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717135772/Screenshot_2024-05-31_113911_dcgwo1.png)

- By selecting “All Authorities,” users can view all patient names, bill number, UHID, payment status, final report and can print bill organized by date according to the selected location.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717136052/Screenshot_2024-05-31_114352_jtbvka.png)

- By selecting “All department,” users can view all patient details, bill number, UHID, payment status, fina lreport and print bills, organized by date according to the selected department.

**Note:** “Show All", “Show Today” and “Search” functions same as in lab
pending.

**5\. Lab > Manage Test :**

To access Lab Manage Test, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab” followed
by “Manage Test”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717136567/Screenshot_2024-05-31_115228_uwvtgu.png)

**5.1 Manage Test**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717136728/Screenshot_2024-05-31_115509_bjtovj.png)

- Here, User can view test name, code, department name and sample.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717136819/Screenshot_2024-05-31_115630_sngp06.png)

- Select “Add Test” to create a new lab test entry, ensuring accurate test records.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717137058/Screenshot_2024-05-31_120015_ybmlza.png)

- After selecting “Add Test,” fill in the details according to the test information to ensure precise lab test records.

**6\. Lab > Manage Macros :**

To access Lab Manage Macros, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab”
followed by “Manage Macros”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717145085/Screenshot_2024-05-31_141421_tbmdvt.png)

**6.1 Manage Macros**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717145002/Screenshot_2024-05-31_141254_nikqrj.png)

- After selecting “Add New Macro” by entering test names and their corresponding descriptions, then simply click “Save” to store the information.
- Macros can be created and saved to include lab test-related information or interpretation descriptions in lab reports.

**Note:** These macros can be triggered during report generation for any
patient, ensuring the added information is printed in the final lab report.

**7\. Lab > Lab Queue :**

To access Lab Queue, navigate to the top menu and select “Lab” followed by
“Lab Queue”.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717138660/Screenshot_2024-05-31_122654_s58nre.png)

**7.1 Lab Queue**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717138827/Screenshot_2024-05-31_123009_w1cwmw.png)

- Here, User can view schedule for the lab tests. After setting the “From” and “To” dates, view the lab test queue along with the corresponding patient details.
