---
sidebar_position: 2
---



**Daily Report**

Daily report is the reports of all the department wise like all Consultation
Lab Pharmacy Procedure Package Rad Surgery.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717742139/Screenshot_2024-06-07_120504_zsz20q.png)

On this land page if we click on Daily report

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717742404/Screenshot_2024-06-07_120921_ex6a3p.png)

Refresh, Start date ,End date, Report Group, Report Type, Doctor, Assigning
Authority.

**Refresh** : This usually refers to the action of updating the report to
ensure that the latest data is displayed. In the context of hospital billing,
refreshing the report ensures that all recent transactions and updates are
included.

**Start Date** : This is the beginning date for the period covered by the
report. It defines from which date the data should be collected and included
in the report.

**End Date** : This is the final date for the period covered by the report. It
defines up to which date the data should be collected and included in the
report.

**Report Group** :if we select report by Group it will shows like this
combinedly

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717751149/Screenshot_2024-06-07_143425_ruh2la.png)

if we select report by header it will shows by separate Department wise

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717751235/Screenshot_2024-06-07_143440_atfo3r.png)

**Report Type** : by selecting on of these filter of report type we will get
information about that filter used.  
item department Doctor patient tags year month day.

**Doctor** : This term refers to the medical professional associated with the
patient’s care. In billing reports, it can indicate which doctor provided the
services being billed. This is important for tracking the revenue generated by
individual doctors and for accountability purposes.

**Assigning Authority** : This refers to the entity or person responsible for
assigning the tasks, services, or responsibilities. In the context of billing,
it could indicate who authorized the treatment or service that is being
billed. This is crucial for ensuring that all services billed are properly
authorized and documented.
