---
sidebar_position: 1
---



**Bill Dashboard**  
In Bill Dashboard we can see the operational diagnostics and financial
dashboards where can see the daily weekly and yearly progress of that
particular dashboards.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718084380/Screenshot_2024-06-11_110743_hvgp5z.png)

in Dashboard we can see operational dashboard  
![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718084502/Screenshot_2024-06-11_111112_humzzx.png)  
In operational dashboard we can see the OPD consultation and med orders lab

In OPD consultation shows How many patients visit the outpatient department.  
med orders Number of medical orders placed.  
In lab Total tests performed over a given period.

**Zoom In** \- Allows users to enlarge a specific section of a chart or graph
within the dashboard. This is particularly useful for examining detailed data
points more closely.

**Zoom Out** \- It reduces the magnification of the chart or graph. This
feature helps users to view a broader range of data or to see the overall
trends without focusing on the finer details.

**Search Zoom -** Provides a focused view on a specific data point or range of
data points by allowing users to enter criteria or keywords. It automatically
adjusts the zoom level to highlight the relevant data.

**Panning -** Allows users to move around a zoomed-in chart or graph without
changing the zoom level. Users can click and drag to shift the view to
different parts of the data.

**Home Button -** Resets the view to the original state or default zoom level
and position of the chart or graph. This is useful for users who have zoomed
in, zoomed out, or panned around and want to quickly return to the initial
overview.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718084865/Screenshot_2024-06-11_111707_zrt4uc.png)

**Download SVG -** **(Scalable Vector Graphics)** SVG files are vector-based,
meaning they can be scaled to any size without losing quality, making them
ideal for professional reports and presentations.

**Download PNG -** **(Portable Network Graphics)** PNG files are ideal for
quick sharing and use in digital documents.

**Download CSV -** **(Comma-Separated Values)** Allows users to export the
underlying data of the chart or graph in CSV format. CSV files can be easily
opened and manipulated in spreadsheet software like Microsoft Excel or Google
Sheets.

**Diagnostics**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718087240/Screenshot_2024-06-11_115656_fo3i93.png)

In Diagnostics we can see Sample collected reports generated reports send
pending progress of daily weekly and yearly.

**Financial**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718087313/Screenshot_2024-06-11_115803_iram7s.png)

In financial we can see the daily weekly and yearly of OPD consultation med
orders lab dashboard we can see the progress
