---
sidebar_position: 6
---



**IP Bills**  
IP bills is the Inpatient billing involves the charges and associated costs
for patients who are admitted to the hospital. These bills cover a wide range
of services provided during the patient’s stay.  
![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718015092/Screenshot_2024-06-10_155411_vw7gsj.png)

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718015175/Screenshot_2024-06-10_155553_mxrxcc.png)

**Created At** : This refers to the date and time when the bill was generated.
It helps in tracking the billing history and organizing records
chronologically.

**Created By** : This denotes the person or system that generated the bill. It
could be a hospital staff member, or a doctor or billing department employee.

**Name** : This is the name of the patient for whom the bill is issued. It
helps in identifying the patient associated with the particular bill.

**Assigning Authority** : This is the entity or individual who authorized or
assigned the bill. It could be a department head, a doctor, or an
administrative authority within the hospital.

**Doctor** : This field indicates the name of the doctor responsible for the
patient’s treatment. This is important for linking the medical services
provided with the respective medical professional.

**Bill Number** : A unique identifier assigned to each bill. This number is
crucial for tracking and referencing specific bills within the hospital’s
billing system.

**Amount** : The total cost of medical services and treatments provided to the
patient before any discounts or payments are applied. It represents the gross
amount billed.

**Bill Discount%** : This is the percentage of discount applied to the bill.
Discounts might be provided for various reasons, such as promotional offers,
financial aid, or insurance agreements.

**Paid Amount** : The amount of money that has been paid towards the bill by
the patient, their family, or through insurance. This reduces the total amount
owed.

**Contract Amount** : This could refer to a pre-agreed amount between the
hospital and the patient or their insurance provider. It often comes into play
with insurance companies that have a set contract rate for specific
treatments.

**Receivable** : The remaining amount that is still owed by the patient after
accounting for any paid amounts and discounts. This represents the outstanding
balance on the bill.

**Status** : The current status of the bill, which could be ‘paid’, ‘pending’,
‘partially paid’, ‘in process’, etc. It provides an overview of the bill’s
progress and payment status.

**Insurance File** : This refers to any documents or files related to the
patient’s insurance claim. It includes insurance policy details, claim forms,
and correspondence with the insurance provider.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718009411/Screenshot_2024-06-10_141823_wyxzsv.png)

### Consent

Consent typically refers to the patient’s or guardian’s agreement to the terms
of treatment and associated costs. This indicates that the patient has
provided their authorization for the treatment and acknowledges the costs
involved. It is an essential step before any billing or treatment can proceed.  
![](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718772409/Screenshot_2024-06-19_101351_j9tcj0.png)

### Edit

To make changes or modifications to existing information. This allows
authorized personnel to modify or correct information on a bill. This could
include changes to the patient’s personal information, the services provided,
or the cost of those services.  
![](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718772742/Screenshot_2024-06-19_102141_yph4xp.png)

### Details

The specific information or data regarding a particular bill. This term refers
to the comprehensive information about a patient’s bill, including itemized
charges for treatments, medications, and other services rendered. It provides
a full breakdown of all charges.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718772820/Screenshot_2024-06-19_102324_bvyife.png)

### Edit Payment

The process of modifying the payment information. This allows hospital staff
to update or correct payment details. This could involve changing the payment
method, adjusting the amount paid, or correcting any errors in the payment
records.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718772960/Screenshot_2024-06-19_102534_g0lqlf.png)

### Print Bill

To produce a hard copy of the billing statement. This action generates a
physical copy of the patient’s bill for records, patient review, or insurance
claims. It includes all details of the charges and payments associated with
the patient’s treatment.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718949625/Screenshot_2024-06-21_113002_oi3q2x.png)

### Cancel Bill

To nullify or void a billing statement. This action is taken to invalidate a
bill, which could be necessary for various reasons such as billing errors,
duplicate entries, or changes in treatment plans. Cancelling a bill removes it
from the active billing records and ensures it is not processed for payment.
