---
sidebar_position: 15
---



**Online Transactions**  
Online transactions in hospital software refer to the digital processes for
managing financial transactions, including payments for medical services,
patient billing, insurance claims, and other financial activities.  
**Uses -**

- Allows patients to pay their medical bills through the hospital’s website or patient portal using credit/debit cards, bank transfers, or other online payment methods.
- Automates the submission of insurance claims to insurance providers, reducing the time and effort required for manual claims processing.
- Ensures that all online transactions are conducted over secure, encrypted channels to protect sensitive financial and personal information.
- Enabling patients to make payments, view statements, and manage accounts through self-service portals.
- Tracking payments in real-time to provide up-to-date financial status to patients and hospital administrators.  
  ![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718021080/Screenshot_2024-06-10_173934_ag3a0j.png)  
  Click on **Online Transactions**

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718021127/Screenshot_2024-06-10_173909_vsxmdf.png)

- **Refresh Button -** The **Refresh** button is used to update the data displayed on the screen.
- **Export CSV -** CSV(Comma-Separated Values) files can be opened and edited in various spreadsheet applications like Microsoft Excel, Google Sheets, or other data analysis tools.
- **Status -** Describes the status of the transaction.
- **Start Date** \- This field allows users to specify the beginning date for the reporting period. It defines the earliest point from which data will be included in the report.
- **End Date** : This field allows users to specify the ending date for the reporting period. It defines the latest point up to which data will be included in the report.
- **Assigning Authority -** This allows users to select the hospital branch or authority over certain tasks.
- **Gateway Name -** The name of the payment gateway used to process online payments (e.g., RazorPay)
- **Site -** The specific location or branch of the hospital where the transaction took place.
- **Date -** The date on which the transaction occurred.
- **Time -** The exact time when the transaction was completed.
- **Bill Number -** A unique identifier assigned to each bill generated by the hospital software.
- **External Registration ID -** A unique identifier for a patient’s registration within an external system, such as a government health system or an insurance provider.
- **Type -** The type of transaction (e.g., payment, refund, adjustment).
- **Status -** The current status of the transaction (e.g., pending, completed, failed).
- **Transaction UID -** A unique identifier for the transaction within the hospital’s system.
- **Payment Type -** The method used for payment (e.g., credit card, debit card, bank transfer, digital wallet).
- **External Bill IDs -** Unique identifiers for bills in an external system, such as those managed by insurance companies or other third-party payers.
- **External Consultation ID -** A unique identifier for a patient’s consultation in an external system.
- **Name of Patient -** The full name of the patient as recorded in the hospital’s system.
-

Click on **Status**  
![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718022205/Screenshot_2024-06-10_175758_g5x2ri.png)  
The current status of the transaction (e.g., pending, completed, failed).
