---
sidebar_position: 3
---



**Payments**  
Payments is the how all the payments are done by either cash card online
cheque upi or any other mode.  
![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717993465/Screenshot_2024-06-10_095050_dfij0k.png)

we can see the landing page of Payments

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717994118/Screenshot_2024-06-10_100425_d2z8ni.png)

Start Date End Date Collected by Assigning Authority Department Doctor Store

**Start Date** : This is the beginning date for the period covered by the
report. It defines from which date the data should be collected and included
in the report.

**End Date** : This is the final date for the period covered by the report. It
defines up to which date the data should be collected and included in the
report.

**Collected by** : This term refers to the individual or entity responsible
for collecting payments from patients. It could be a specific hospital staff
member, department, or an external agency tasked with handling the financial
transactions.

**Assigning Authority** : The assigning authority is the person or department
within the hospital that has authorized or assigned the billing and collection
tasks. This could be a hospital administrator, finance department, or any
other designated authority.

**Department** :The department refers to the specific section or unit within
the hospital where the services were provided. Examples include cardiology,
orthopaedics, emergency, radiology, etc. It helps in categorizing the bills
according to the departments that rendered the services.

**Doctor** :This term identifies the medical professional who provided the
care or treatment to the patient. The doctorâ€™s name is often included in the
report to attribute the billing to the correct physician or consultant
responsible for the service.

**Store** :In the context of hospital billing, the store refers to the
pharmacy or inventory department where medical supplies, medications, and
equipment are stored and dispensed. It includes details of any items that were
issued to the patient and need to be billed accordingly.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1717996199/Screenshot_2024-06-10_103932_ac6uy8.png)

**Refresh** : This action updates the report to include the most recent data.
It ensures that all entries, transactions, and payments are up to date as of
the moment the refresh is performed.

**Tally my cash** :This refers to the process of summing up all the cash
transactions for a specific period, typically a day. It includes all cash
payments received and disbursed by the hospital to ensure the cash balance is
accurate.

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718775262/Screenshot_2024-06-19_110402_hfc6mk.png)

![enter image description
here](https://res.cloudinary.com/teleopdassets/image/upload/v1718775772/Screenshot_2024-06-19_111221_jdmof3.png)

**Show pharmacy** : This option filters the report to display transactions
related to the pharmacy department. It includes payments for medications,
prescriptions, and other pharmacy-related items or services provided to
patients.

**Exclude pharmacy** :This option filters out all pharmacy-related
transactions from the report. It focuses the report on other departments and
services within the hospital, excluding any financial activities linked to the
pharmacy.

**Export CSV** :This function allows the user to export the report data in a
CSV (Comma-Separated Values) format. CSV files are text files that use commas
to separate values, which can be easily opened and manipulated in spreadsheet
software like Microsoft Excel or Google Sheets.

**Export PDF** : This function allows the user to export the report data in a
PDF (Portable Document Format). PDF files are widely used for sharing
documents because they preserve the formatting and layout of the original
report, ensuring it looks the same on any device or platform.
